# Ultimate-Tic-Tac-Toe
A Java program I wrote that plays ultimate Tic-Tac-Toe against the user.  Ultimate Tic-Tac-Toe is a more complicated version of Tic-Tac-Toe in which a large tic tac toe board contains a smaller board in each of its squares. The position within the small board that the previous move was played determines the board that the next player is allowed to play in.  Currently the computer plays against a human player, using a minimax search tree. The winner is the player who wins the most of the small boards.

The Program plays the first move, which is indicated by shading the square in the 9 by 9 grid red.  Then after each move, the squares for which the human player is allowed to play are highlighted blue, and the square that the human player choses is highlighted green.  This continues on untill there are no more valid moves.  One important method in the program determines the score of a paticular board position. It bases this by analyzing the "three in a rows" within in each square.  For every "three in a row" where a player has 1 of the tiles, but the other two tiles are nuetral, the person gains 1 point in the evaluation funciton.  If they control 2, then they gain 3 poitns in the evaluation puzzle, and if they control all then they have won the square and control 10,000 points, this prioritises wining a square over gaining an advantage that does not neccisarly result in a victory.  For three in arows for which both players contorl at least one square, then neither player gets a point, since it is impossible for either player to get all three of the tiles.  Using this algorithm, the computer evaluates the mvoe and choses the move that will give it the greatest advantage asuumign the player does the best move possible.
